I created the grocery store's website using HTML, CSS, and javascript. The most significant advantage that internet grocers have over traditional supermarkets is more precise data. To deliver a more customized experience for their customers, online grocers can leverage AI and machine-learning algorithms. For online grocers, there are four basic methods to leverage data: building smart shopping lists, personalizing discounts, customizing how things are displayed to customers, and offering contextualized suggestions. All of this is designed to boost up-selling and cross-selling opportunities, as well as the customer's lifetime value. Customers may place orders online and pick up their ready orders in the shop on their way home from brick-and-mortar stores that provide internet shopping. In-store pickup, sometimes known as "click & collect," is a type of same-day purchasing that is usually less expensive than delivery and may be done at the customer's convenience. This is a popular choice in rural regions. Customers that reside outside of the store's local delivery region will benefit from it as well. My website illustrates all about the store called 'Fresh'. There are six responsive pages with a different structured HTML files. The reason why I choose this sort of website is caused I had the experience of making the online store and it helps me to understand in detail the meaning of codes that should be written in the specified situation by facing a majority of challenges. I have used font awesome to make more ideal and make a sense about the creativity for a user. I provided even minor information like prices, names of products, services, feedback from customers, and a brief exploration of every single feature. 

URL of my website: https://github.com/unknown743/00011016.git